---
title: "Winter break"
date: 2021-06-23T22:21:38+15:00
publishdate: 2021-06-23T22:21:38+15:00
categories: [blog]
tags: [blog, life]
archives: ["2021/June"]
---

Hey there! Guess I'm pretty bad at keeping up a digital journal.  
It's already been 2 weeks since I last posted!  
COVID's starting to get bad again where I live, so the snow trip that I'm super looking forward to might get cancelled. 😭  

I recently got an Oculus Quest II mainly for my dad to try out. He's always been a huge fan of tech and video games. VR headsets must've been like a sci-fi object back in his days. At the moment, we both enjoy games that are a bit more chill, without the need to move around too much. (Mostly because we're both prone to motion sickness)  

Because of the Oculus summer sales, I bought Vacation simulator! I also tried out the 3D painting app Quill on PCVR. And of course, Beat Saber. 

VR is so cool!!!  

My holidays have been a little unproductive so far, but I'll crank it up tomorrow. We finally got our club confirmed! I'll also try to continue my exercises on [freeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org). I should be able to finish the Responsive Web Design Certification course very soon. Currently debating with myself whether I should skip the JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures Certification course and go straight into Front End Development Libraries since I've already worked with Java at uni.  

I think I should maybe also make a new blog that's a little more professional for my own portfolio...

What do you think?  

<!--more-->

{{< left >}}
To-do: <br>
1. Add tag bar to the bottom of each post. <br>
2. Make post templates for Reviews (i.e. for games or shows etc.) <br>
3. Add custom emotes. <br>
4. Add a mood tracker on the top corner of each blog post.
